Add additional CSS variable/color mode checks (#72)
primer/stylelint-config-primer: README.md

- [primer/no-override](./plugins/#primerno-override): Prohibits custom styles that target Primer CSS selectors.
- [primer/no-unused-vars](./plugins/#primerno-unused-vars): Warns about SCSS variables that are declared by not used in your local files.
- [primer/no-undefined-vars](./plugins/#primerno-undefined-vars): Prohibits usage of undefined CSS variables.

> - [primer/no-scale-colors](./plugins/#primerno-scale-colors): Prohibits usage of undefined CSS variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [primer/no-scale-colors](./plugins/#primerno-scale-colors): Prohibits the use of [non-functional scale CSS variables](https://primer.style/css/support/color-system#color-palette)
```
